[MUSIC]
>> Lukas: A bit of housekeeping.
So, the demo application that we're
gonna start out with is just a simple
web application with basic features.
We'll be building out a new
widgets feature in this.
And feel free to use the existing
code that's in the sample application
as a reference point and
again please explore,
don't be afraid to try new things.
Is that if something totally
breaks you just you know,
undo the local changes and
no, we keep doing it.
But I really want to encourage
everybody to have fun.
You know try something new, try different
things like, what happens if I try this?
Well let's find out and
try it in the code.
And so, this is what this looks like.
It's just a basic web page with
three kinds of a bunch at the top.
Each one of those represents a feature and
then we're gonna be hooking it in
a widgets feature right next to that.
So, I'll just show you what
this looks like real quick and
then I will tell you how to download it.
So you can see here,
home, about, experiments.
And then in the experiments 1,
we have Azure, a sub-component and
a few extra things happening.
But for starters we'll kind of work
out of just use the home components as
a reference, but really a simple web app,
that I found this really helpful for
people to just kind of ramp up.
And so you can download this here,
if you go to this bit.ly link.
And so because this is a demo application,
that you're going to do your challenges
on, that now everybody gets to
put on their spacesuit, and
kind of go exploring in
this uncharted territory.
But this was built off of the Angular
class starter which is an excellent,
excellent project seed that Scott Patrick
Stapleton and myself have worked on.
By that, I mean 98% Patrick,
1 % Scott and myself, I think I've fixed
some spelling errors in the readme but
they have done a really good job of kind
of putting a really full featured
Angular 2, our project seed out there.
>> Lukas: So is everybody able to find and
download this web app?
>> Lukas: Also if you go to
Github.com/onehungrymind everything
is there as well.
For all of the, for
actually all of the days in the workshop.
Now, we will be probably
changing some things.
You know so day 2,
we'll probably tweak some things tonight.
So, if you download it now,
you may need to download it tomorrow.
The reactive stuff we may
make some additional changes.
So, just make sure on the day of the
workshop you down the latest for that, but
that's at gethub.com/100 mind.
So we sent out the survey,
which I think we have like a hundred
people actually submitted that.
Thank you for doing that.
There is, there was a broad spectrum
of skill sets and requests, so
we have individuals from I don't
even really know Angular but
I think it's really going to be this rad
thing to kind of moreso in the middle.
I'm pretty familiar with Angular 1.
I don't know Angular 2.
I'd love to know more about it and
kinda see what it's about.
And then on the other end you had a few
people that really had very specific
technical questions.
And we're going to do our
best to get to all of them.
With that said, one of the biggest
requests that came in is that
we'd really like to see
working examples of things.
And I know that Ward Bell is doing
a valiant effort in the documentation but
even myself is like how
does this thing even work?
And then you start scouring
the internet for plunks.
So what I have done is if you
go to onehungrymind.com/fem-examples
you can see a ton of Plunks
here that we've generated
to use as one for demonstration purposes.
But even if we do not get to all of
them please feel free to go through and
check these out.
And
>> Lukas: And let me see here.
We just pick one.
>> [SOUND]
>> Lukas: And
so myself and another developer have
spent a significant amount of time
actually working through these and
this would just be poetic justice if
the plunker just crashed right now.
The first workshop I did it's like,
we're gonna do it on Plunker and
I'm gonna have no dependencies on anything
else and Plunker went down and so
I basically had to freestyle for
most of the day.
But you can see here we have
a readme that we're pulling in.
We actually had some pretty
good commentary about that.
And you can see the code here, so we're
bringing back the blink tag of sorts and
then from here you can see
this actually rendering.
And it may have already went but
this is the idea.
So you actually have kind of
what it's doing, the code in it,
and the code actually rendering
down here in the bottom, and
you can also jump in and
see the code and play around with it.
So this alone I think is going
to be a really good resource.
We'll be adding day two tomorrow and
day three on Friday.
So, when it's all said and done, who knows
there might be a hundred useful plunks
that you guys can use for kind of
a cookbook reference style resource.
>> Lukas: One of
the repository to download.
Scott threw this together last
night at three in the morning.
I don't believe he sleeps.
In fact, I think he is a vampire.
There were some questions about,
is this workshop going to be
in TypeScript JavaScript.
I think, some of the questions
was actually normal JavaScript,
plain JavaScript, and the answer is
we are going to do this in TypeScript
because I believe you get the most
mileage out of Angular 2 with TypeScript.
But we are going to,
Scott is going to have some commentary
on how you actually do
Angular 2 with es 6 and es 5.
And so he has created this
repository right here for
us to reference in the second module.
Again this is at GitHub.com/onehungrymind.